WIP: Use a new DifferentiationMethod to dispatch for derivative types (#122)
JuliaGeometry/MeshIntegrals.jl: docs/src/specializations.md

- `Meshes.ConeSurface` is essentially a composite type and has a parametric function that only maps the conical portion of the geometry, so the `Meshes.Disk` base element has to be integrated separately.
- `Meshes.CylinderSurface` is essentially a composite type and has a parametric function that only maps the cylindrical portion of the geometry, so the `Meshes.Disk` element has to be integrated separately.
- `Meshes.FrustumSurface` is essentially a composite type and has a parametric function that only maps the cylindrical portion of the geometry, so the top and bottom `Meshes.Disk` elements have to be integrated separately.
- `Meshes.Line` represents a line of infinite length that passes through two points, and it has a parametric function that is valid on the domain $(-\infty, \infty)$.
- `Meshes.Plane` represents a plane of infinite extent, and it has a parametric function that is valid on the domain $(-\infty, \infty)^2$.
- `Meshes.Ray` represents a line that begins at a point and extends in a particular direction with infinite length, and it has a parametric function that is valid on the domain $[0, \infty)$.

> - `Meshes.Ring` is a composite type that lacks a parametric function, but can be decomposed into `Meshes.Segment`s and then integrated by parts.
> - `Meshes.Rope` is a composite type that lacks a parametric function, but can be decomposed into `Meshes.Segment`s and then integrated by parts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Meshes.Ring` is a composite type that lacks a parametric function, but can be decomposed into `Meshes.Segment`s and then integrated by adding together the individual integrals.
- `Meshes.Rope` is a composite type that lacks a parametric function, but can be decomposed into `Meshes.Segment`s and then integrated by adding together the individual integrals.
```
Reading "integrated by parts" I immediately think of the integration-by-parts formula, which might be confusing.
